doc: Glass modules documentation (#2124)
trisyoungs/duq: web/docs/userguide/modules/analysis/qspecies/_index.md

---
title: QSpecies (Module)
linkTitle: QSpecies
description: Calculate the number of bridging oxygen sites bonded to a network former.
---

## Overview

The `QSpecies` module calculates the Qn distribution of a site, where n is the number of bridging oxygen sites within the distance range specified. It also calculates the frequency of bridging, non-bridging and free oxygen sites.

## Options

### Targets

|Keyword|Arguments|Default|Description|
|:------|:--:|:-----:|-----------|
|`Configuration`|`Configuration`|--|{{< required-label >}}Specifies the configuration on which to operate.|

### Sites

|Keyword|Arguments|Default|Description|
|:------|:--:|:-----:|-----------|
|`BondingOxygen`|`Site ...`|--|Set the site(s) 'BO' which are to represent the bonding oxygen.|

> |`NetworkFormer`|`Site ...`|--|Set the site(s) 'NF' for which the distribution around the origin sites 'A' should be calculated.|

Reviewer: Site "A" again.

### Ranges

|Keyword|Arguments|Default|Description|
|:------|:--:|:-----:|-----------|

> |`DistanceRange`|`double`<br/>`double`<br/>`double`|`0.0`<br/>`2.5`<br/>`0.05`|Distance range (min, max) over which to calculate Q-Species from central site.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DistanceRange`|`double`<br/>`double`<br/>`double`|`0.0`<br/>`2.5`<br/>`0.05`|Distance range (min, max) over which to calculate Q-species from central site.|
```

## Export

|Keyword|Arguments|Default|Description|
|:------|:--:|:-----:|-----------|

> |`Export`|[`Data1DFileAndFormat`]({{< ref "data1dformat" >}})|--|File format and file name under which to save calculated QSpecies data.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Export`|[`Data1DFileAndFormat`]({{< ref "data1dformat" >}})|--|File format and file name under which to save calculated Q-species data.|
```
